bip301.md, before:

BIP-301 Protocol Specification

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

# Message headers
```
M7: [0xD1, 0x61, 0x73, 0x68]
M8: [0x00, 0xBF, 0x00]
```

# M7. BMM Accept
## Semantics

When an `M7` with sidechain block hash `H` is included in a mainchain block, it
means that the sidechain block with hash `H` is now blind merge mined.

So if it also passes the sidechain software validation rules, it can be
connected by the sidechain nodes.

## Encoding

An `M7` message MUST be encoded as a coinbase output.

A `scriptPubKey` encoding an `M7` BMM Accept message MUST have the following form:
```
OP_RETURN [0xD1, 0x61, 0x73, 0x68] <H>
```
where `H` is the block hash of the sidechain block to be blind merge mined.

The `nValue` of the coinbase output MUST be ignored.

# M8. BMM Request

## Semantics

An `M8` with sidechain block hash `H` is a an offer of a reward to the
mainchain miners for including an `M7` with a corresponding `H`.

A mainchain miner can only get the reward if it includes the corresponding `M7`.

The form the reward would take in the `M8` transaction is not specified here,
but most likely it would be a regular Bitcoin transaction output paying a sum
to an address controlled by the miner.

## Encoding

An `M8` BMM request message MUST be encoded as a regular Bitcoin transaction.

`M8`s are requests. When an `M8` request is pending, it exists in the Bitcoin
mempool as an unmined transaction.

When a miner fulfills an `M8` request, it MUST include it in a block along with
a corresponding `M7` coinbase output.

Output of `M8` at index 0 MUST have a `scriptPubKey` of the following form:
```
OP_RETURN [0x00, 0xBF, 0x00] <H> <P>
```
where `H` is the sidechain block hash, and `P` is the previous mainchain block
hash.

The `nValue` of the output of `M8` at index 0 MUST be ignored.

The BIP301 enforcer software MUST not be concerned with any part of the `M8`
transaction other than the output at index 0 with the `OP_RETURN`.

# Validation Rules
If a block contains an `M8` transaction without the corresponding `M7` output,
then that block MUST be considered invalid.

Corresponding here means that the field `H` in `M8` is equal to the field `H`
in `M7`, meaning they both refer to the same sidechain block.

Note that a block MAY contain an `M7` coinbase output without a corresponding
`M8`, a miner MAY choose to blind merge mine a sidechain block without an
explicit `M8` request.

Commit message:

Add sidechain slot number to M7 and M8

bip301.md, after:

BIP-301 Protocol Specification

The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD",
"SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be
interpreted as described in RFC 2119.

# Message headers
```
M7: [0xD1, 0x61, 0x73, 0x68]
M8: [0x00, 0xBF, 0x00]
```

# M7. BMM Accept
## Semantics

When an `M7` with sidechain slot `S` and sidechain block hash `H` is included
in a mainchain block, it means that the sidechain block with hash `H` is now
blind merge mined.

There can be only one `M7` per mainchain block per sidechain slot.

So if it also passes the sidechain software validation rules, it can be
connected by the sidechain nodes.

## Encoding

An `M7` message MUST be encoded as a coinbase output.

A `scriptPubKey` encoding an `M7` BMM Accept message MUST have the following form:
```
OP_RETURN [0xD1, 0x61, 0x73, 0x68] <S> <H>
```
where `S` is the sidechain slot number, and  `H` is the block hash of the
sidechain block to be blind merge mined.

The `nValue` of the coinbase output MUST be ignored.

# M8. BMM Request

## Semantics

An `M8` with sidechain block hash `H` is a an offer of a reward to the
mainchain miners for including an `M7` with the corresponding `S` and `H`.

Only one `M8` can be accepted per mainchain block per sidechain slot.

A mainchain miner can only get the reward if it includes the corresponding `M7`.

The form the reward would take in the `M8` transaction is not specified here,
but most likely it would be a regular Bitcoin transaction output paying a sum
to an address controlled by the miner.

## Encoding

An `M8` BMM request message MUST be encoded as a regular Bitcoin transaction.

`M8`s are requests. When an `M8` request is pending, it exists in the Bitcoin
mempool as an unmined transaction.

When a miner fulfills an `M8` request, it MUST include it in a block along with
a corresponding `M7` coinbase output.

Output of `M8` at index 0 MUST have a `scriptPubKey` of the following form:
```
OP_RETURN [0x00, 0xBF, 0x00] <S> <H> <P>
```
where `S` is the sidechain slot number, `H` is the sidechain block hash, and
`P` is the previous mainchain block hash.

The `nValue` of the output of `M8` at index 0 MUST be ignored.

The BIP301 enforcer software MUST not be concerned with any part of the `M8`
transaction other than the output at index 0 with the `OP_RETURN`.

# Validation Rules
If a mainchain block contains an `M8` transaction without the corresponding `M7` output,
then that block MUST be considered invalid.

Corresponding here means that the fields `S` and `H` in `M8` are equal to the
fields `S` and `H` in `M7`, meaning they both refer to the same sidechain block
in the same sidechain slot.

Note that a block MAY contain an `M7` coinbase output without a corresponding
`M8`, a miner MAY choose to blind merge mine a sidechain block without an
explicit `M8` request.

If a mainchain block contains an more than one `M7` with the same sidechain
slot `S`, then that block MUST be considered invalid.

If a miner is allowed to accept multiple BMM requests in the same block for the
same sidechain, then the miner can collect fees for sidechain blocks that were
not actually connected to the sidechain, which is undesirable.
